He may eat iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron
Iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron
Iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron iron
I know you are keeping an eye on me
Testing me
Obviously we can destroy it
What is Didi?
Some kind of male monster text
Actually accepted the ring
Don't let you stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay.
Stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay
Stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay. Stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay
Stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay. Stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay